feat: support VirtualTable Read with inline format (#106)
DataDog/substrait-explain: GRAMMAR.md

# assert_eq!(plan.relations.len(), 2);
```

### VirtualTable Read Relation

A VirtualTable read embeds inline data directly in the plan, similar to SQL's `VALUES` clause. Instead of referencing a catalog table, the data rows are specified as part of the relation.

The `Read:Virtual` relation uses the same `ReadRel` protobuf message with `ReadType::VirtualTable`, where each row is a `nested::Struct` containing expressions.

#### Syntax

`"Read:Virtual" "[" (virtual_row ("," virtual_row)*)? "=>" named_column_list "]"`

> Where `virtual_row := "(" expression ("," expression)* ")"` — a parenthesized tuple of expressions forming one row. Use `_` in place of rows for an empty virtual table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `virtual_row := "(" expression ("," expression)* ")"` — a parenthesized tuple of expressions forming one row. For an empty virtual table, write `_` in place of the entire row list, e.g. `Read:Virtual[_ => id:i64]`. The `_` replaces the whole list and cannot appear alongside rows.
```

What do you think of something like this?
